A user types in a URL and the browser will look up the IP address for the domain name via DNS. After receiving the IP address, the browser will establish a connection with the server that matches the IP address in order to transfer data. Internet protocols are used by browsers to create these connections. A TCP connection must be established between the user’s computer (client) and the server in order to transport data packets. A process known as a three-way handshake is used to establish the connection. To establish a connection, the client and server exchange, synchronize, and acknowledge messages in three steps. Once the TCP connection is established the browser will send a GET request asking for the HTML pages of the website.  This request will also contain additional information such as accept and connection headers. A web server on the server receives the browser's request and transmits it to a request handler, which reads it and responds. A request handler examines the request, its headers, and cookies to determine what is being requested and updates the server's information. Then it will put together a response in a specific format, such as JSON, XML, or HTML. The web page requested is included in the server response, as well as information such as the status code, cookies, and privacy information. The HTML material is displayed in stages by the browser. It will first render HTML. Then it'll look at the HTML tags and make GET requests for other web page elements such as images, and JavaScript files.